# OM - 20220827

Sun, Sep 4, 2022 8:19 AM
<br>
## **Attendees**

* Andrew Wajs – (Scenera)
* Christoph Neumann – (Broadpeak)
* Tim Epkes -
* Prashant Goswami –
* Deepak Gunjal – (Capgemini)
* Brett Hill – (Telstra - 5GFF)
* Kevin Smith – (Vodafone – 5GFF)
* Landon Cox – (MSFT)
* Mahesh Chapalamadugu - (Verizon – 5GFF)
* Sylvain Morel - (Orange)
* Fabrizio Moggio - (TIM)
* Raffaele Passannanti - (TIM)
* Raghuram Parvataneni - (Telstras – 5GFF)
* Syed Rehman - (Verizon – 5GFF)
* Thomas Vits - (EdgeXR)
* Tom van Pelt - (GSMA)
* Toshiyasu Wakayama (KDDI)
* Urvika
* Alexandre Harmand - (TEF)
* José Antonio Ordoñez - (TEF)
* David
* Ferreira Antoniello - (TEF)
* Aurelia Martínez Guerra - (TEF)

## Goals

<span class="colour" style="color:rgb(36, 41, 47)">Go through last MoM action items Identify additional tasks, prepare upcoming ones</span>

| Item | Who | Description |
| ---- | --- | ----------- |
| CAMRA - Roles | TEF | Markus has defined the differentroles in each CAMARA group in order to be clear about which members will makenew contributions, which members will validate these contributions, etc. This activity has been developed in parallel during these last two weeks and has dedicated part of the time.<br>The toles are:<br><ol><li><span lang="EN-US" style="mso-fareast-font-family:&quot;Times New Roman&quot;;mso-ansi-language:EN-US">**Maintainers: A s**<u>mall&nbsp;</u>group which is acting as Sub Project Managers&nbsp;</span><span class="font" style="font-family:Wingdings">à</span><span lang="EN-US" style="mso-fareast-font-family:&quot;Times New Roman&quot;;mso-ansi-language:EN-US">&nbsp;listed in the MAINTAINERS.MD of theSub Project</span></li><li><span lang="EN-US" style="mso-fareast-font-family:&quot;Times New Roman&quot;;mso-ansi-language:EN-US">**Codeowners**: A s<u>mall&nbsp;</u>group responsible for merging code / documents / PRs&nbsp;</span><span class="font" style="font-family:Wingdings">à</span><span lang="EN-US" style="mso-fareast-font-family:&quot;Times New Roman&quot;;mso-ansi-language:EN-US">&nbsp;listed in the CODEOWNERS of the SubProject (also technical readable file!)</span></li><li><span lang="EN-US" style="mso-fareast-font-family:&quot;Times New Roman&quot;;mso-ansi-language:EN-US">Contributors:the whole community for a Sub Project able to contribute&nbsp;</span><span class="font" style="font-family:Wingdings">à</span><span lang="EN-US" style="mso-fareast-font-family:&quot;Times New Roman&quot;;mso-ansi-language:EN-US">&nbsp;listed as Contributors in GitHub (Markushas to invite, persons have to confirm)</span></li></ol> |
| Edge Cloud API family | EdgeXR | Analysis of the different contributions to the API (5GFF, OPAG, EdgeX<br>R, New DT contribution). This activity is assigned to a new group in order to analyze all the contributions, define which APIs we must have in this Edge Cloud family, analyze the different APIs to align them with the proposal.<br>In the last session, the EdgeXR team was established as responsible for organizing this small group and starting the activities.<br>Thomas presented the next steps: Have a Kick-off meeting to start working on the activities. A link is attached for those who want to participate and indicate the best option according to availability: ([https://doodle.com/meeting/participate/id/dBLrAQna](https://doodle.com/meeting/participate/id/dBLrAQna)).<br>It is necessary to include in the analyzes of this group the pull request about the questions, doubts and comments of each proposal. For this, it is proposed as the first point on the agenda of the first session to resolve all doubts and questions. |
| ***Comment - Pull Request  #24*** | All | #24 - UNI API: There are different options for this API: Should this API be included in CAMERA? Should 3GPP be used to define this UNI API? Should a part of the API be defined in CAMERA and a part in 3GPP? It is proposed to start a small group to discuss this topic, align and share status in these bi-weekly sessions. It is important to fix this issue, whether or not UNI API is part of the Edge Cloud group, as soon as possible.<br>Deepak (Capgemini) is goin to arrange a short group that is going to have as objetive aligne possiions in this isue |
| Traffic Influence API | TIM | Fabrizio Moggio (TIM) opened a new discussion about the Traffic Influence API. He proposes to work on this API in EdgeCloug grou and that this new API be part og thi Edge Clud API family.<br><br>It was proposed to Fabrizio in the session that a point be opened in the Backlog group with all the details. This group will decide if it is better to create a new group in CAMARA specifically for Traffic Influence or if this functionality is part of one of the currently available groups. |