# Meeting Minutes Convergence Substream - 20220916

Fri, Sep 16, 2022 17:00 PM
<br>
## **Attendees**

* Andrew Wajs(Scenera)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Kevin Smith (Vodafone â€“ 5GFF)
* Mahesh Chapalamadugu (Verizon - 5GFF)
* Syed Rehman (Verizon - 5GFF)
* Thomas Vits  (EdgeXR)
* Lev Shvarts  (EdgeXR)
* Alexandre Harmand  (TEF)
* Rebecca Odenwaelder  (Deutsche Telekom)
* Marc Cornall (GSMA)
* Alexandru Ciinaru (Orange)
* Toshiyasu Wakayama (KDDI)

## Kickoff disucssion

<span class="colour" style="color:rgb(36, 41, 47)">This call was to initiate the activity of the convergence substream.</span>

| Item | Who | Description |
| ---- | --- | ----------- |
| Substream Objectives and way of working| All | EdgeXR provided a suggestion on the objectives of this substream, below the aligned outcome after discussion <br> 1. Situation:  The EdgeCloud Project in CAMARA received already 3 API contributions (from 5GFF, Capgemini, EdgeXR) potentially addressing similar or same functionalities exposing edge cloud services <br> 2. Challenge: (Assumption) The goal in CAMARA is to have single API set for a given developer intent (on a specific abstraction layer). <- This was a point of discussion whether that assumption actually holds true or whether different APIs could be feasible for the same intent. No final conclusion taken at this point. <br> 3. Solution: Original proposal was to work on the assessment of the current/coming contributions but after discussion we concluded that the initial step to enable this would be to create an aligned taxonomy/terminology. This will ensure that we have the right vocabulary to actually do this assesment acknowledging that background of the distributions is diverse with having different taxonomy in mind. </span></li></ol> |
| Logistics | All | 1. In order to be able to continue this substream despite of vacations etc. the group agreed to appoint Kevin (VDF/5GFF) as Co-Lead with Thomas (EdgeXR) for this substream.<br> 2. Group agreed on a bi-weekly meeting cadence; as we have participants from literally all timezones we agreed to shift timeslots every 2 meetings to the next timzone (e.g. by around 8 hours) <br> 3. Agreement that all discussions / documents shall be strictly happen in git|
| Establish aligned Taxonomy| All | As agreed in the initial disucssion the first step is to establish an aligned taxonomy. It was suggested to use the OPG definitions as a basis and then iterate on it in git to come to a consensus. Once good enough (to be agreed by the group when this milestone is hit) the next step (i.e. making an assesment of the scope of the different contributions using that taxonomy) can be initiated. Deepak, Thomas and Mahesh volunteered to get the intitial commit going.  |
